---
description: A new Internet with enhanced privacy at the raw layer
---

# Features of CONET wallet address routing network

Today, the Internet is forced to enter Web3 because the Big-Tech that made a lot of money in Web2 no longer put the interests of users first as their principle. They share customer privacy, deliver ads accurately, review and delete creative content stored by users, and ends users' social live at will.

The concept of online privacy protection has been discussed and implemented for more than 20 years, but not only has it not been improved, but with the development of big data, AI and censorship technology, it is facing even greater setbacks.

If Web3 relies too much on the critical infrastructure of Internet infrastructure, afraid that Web3 will only be an empty slogan.

Rebuilding all Internet hardware and software infrastructure from scratch is simply not possible. How to make limited use of infrastructure to meet the vision of Web3 to the greatest extent, CONET serves as a starting point for attracting new ideas.

**A open zero trust network platform**

CONET assumes that all participants have the motivation to peek at the communication content and is designed under the premise of collusion. Combined with [W3C Wasm](https://www.w3.org/groups/wg/wasm/) (WebAssembly) memory-safe sandbox execution environment, it provides an open zero-trust decentralized cloud computing platform.

**The wallet address routing network is the "server" and all users are clients**

CONET users, whether they are clients or servers, are all clients relative to the CONET wallet address network. The client sends a request, and the CONET wallet address network responds to the client's request. This structure gives CONET users (including clients and servers) the greatest initiative and flexibility.

**Naturally anonymous wallet address**

Through cryptography, the wallet address is freely generated by the customer, allowing users to discard the de-anonymized wallet address at any time as needed. Also the wallet addresses are  unlimited resources and no longer rely on a centralized issuing institution.

**Naturally anonymous server**

Seamlessly connects to the traditional client-server (CS) model of the Internet. The server accepts data packets sent from the client through the wallet address, which can perfectly maintain anonymity. With the decentralized domain name interpretation system, it supports the transfer of readable domain names to wallet addresses.

**Client-server mode without login**

The client sends digital signed request to the server. When the server receives the request, the cryptographic signature is undeniable and the sender ID can be determined. It is possible to build an authentication system via wallet address.

**Sender address hidden**

The CONET network uses encrypted data messages without metadata. The sender's address, one of the three major elements of communication, can only be obtained by the recipient who holds the key by decrypting the ciphertext. During the forwarding process, nodes do not need to perform encryption or decryption operations.

**Decentralized routing table**

The wallet address destination, through smart contracts, avoids the inefficient routing broadcast mechanism.

**Data caching mechanism in P2P**

Clients can entrust Agent receiving node to storage income data, which solves the pain point of data loss in point-to-point networks.

**Programmable decentralized cloud computing network**

The node SaaS charging model mechanism can continuously provide novel functions through expanded plug-ins. The third-party proxy service developed by CONET network is a typical CONET wallet address routing network SaaS case.

**A decentralized stablecoin backed by cloud computing resources**

As the number of participants increases, the settlement token becomes a service commitment, and its value represents the market price of cloud computing.
